=head1 NAME

DB::CRUD - CRUD for your database during dev - in a single script

=head1 WHAT IS IT FOR?

Prototyping. The sooner you get *some* data into your database, the sooner
you're unblocked to write the code using that data. This module provides
a convenient web interface to get you back to writing code.

=head1 WHAT IS IT NOT FOR?

Production. There's no security at all, it's using a pure perl webserver etc. etc.
Ignore this advice at your peril and don't complain to us when you get hurt.

=head1 HOW READY IS IT?

It isn't. I'm just getting something up on github at this stage. It's not
a complicated thing.

=head1 USAGE

If you weren't reading, it doesn't work yet

Running it will look like this:

    crud [-p PORT]

There will eventually be other scripts as well.

Installation will look like this:

    bin/build.sh
    mkdir -p ~/bin
    cp -p packed/* ~/bin/ # preserve execute bit
    export PATH="$HOME/bin:$PATH"

And adding the export line to your shell's rc file (.bashrc, .zshrc etc.)

If you don't see the 'crud' program, you may need to 'hash -r' to make
your shell rehash your PATH.

At that point, the user will need to install the relevant DBD module for
their chosen database (which we highly recommend doing through their
package manager because it's much more straightforward) if it's not installed.
DBD::Pg seemed to build fine on OSX recently with a perlbrewed perl, but I
wouldn't like to rely on it because it makes it hard for people who don't perl
to get started.

=head1 ROADMAP

- websockets talking to perl
- database connection and introspection
- display table introspection in web ui
- Simple forms for data entry
- Test data generation
- Logging of actions to a SQL script / similar for replay (i.e. free fixtures!)
- Automated operation (data in commandline / environment) - fixture generation

=head1 HACKING

Major caveat here is that since we expect to be deployed as a single script,
we can't use any non-core XS modules. Actually, it's worse than that. Since we
want to be used by frameworks to help people generate fixtures, we can't use
'big' modules like DBIx::Class either, so we have to limit ourselves further.

I haven't actually tried fatpacking it yet, so I don't know if that's going to be feasible.

=head2 What version of Perl do you support?

I haven't decided yet. It's for development, so I think we can assume at least the minimum
version of whatever perl5 the following distributions ship:
- Fedora
- Ubuntu
- Debian

We see perl6 support as out of scope. It doesn't matter what it's written in, as long as it owrks.

=head2 Why don't you use a CSS/JS preprocessor?

Because build tools suck and they fail and the build breaks and MAKE IT GO AWAY.

We optimise for 'just works', not being able to use shiny.

=head2 How do I run the tests?

    prove -Ilib t/

=head2 How do I contribute?

Preferably via pull request on github. Make sure the tests pass after your change.
We're more likely to accept your patch if you include tests and documentation
where relevant.

=head1 SCREENSHOTS

Yep, I'll make some of those when it's worth doing.

=head1 WHAT IS THE WEB INTERFACE LIKE?

(Or what it will be like...)

It's a single page application that uses lots of javascript. Initially
the interface isn't likely to be terribly pretty because I'm crap at design

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<App::AutoCRUD> - Better for production, less good for development
L<Catalyst::Plugin::AutoCRUD> - Heavyweight, nicely integrated with Catalyst

=head1 COPYRIGHT & LICENSE

GPL v3 because:
- It's a tool used during dev, not something you're deploying to live
- Giving back feels good

This is the first time I've licensed anything under GPL3 and I'm keen
to see how it works out in practice. I am open to being talked around
if you've got a fantastic reason you want to share with me.

DB::CRUD  Copyright (c) 2015 James Laver

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see L<http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
